fix(internet-header): abort parallel header search requests per endpoint (#1416)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/silent-terms-deny.md

---
'@swisspost/internet-header': patch
---

> Added abort controller for all existing post-search search endpoints, to avoid running parallel calls for the same endpoint and therefore get wrong answers shown in the search suggestion list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added abort controller for all existing post-search search endpoints, to avoid running parallel calls for the same endpoint and therefore get outdated suggestions in the search suggestion list.
```
